multirocks related config update (#13587)
pingcap/docs: configure-load-base-split.md

The Load Base Split feature is currently controlled by the following parameters:

- [`split.qps-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#qps-threshold): The QPS threshold at which a Region is identified as a hotspot. The default value is `3000` per second when [`region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) is less than 4 GB; otherwise the default value is `7000`.

> - [`split.byte-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#byte-threshold-new-in-v50): (Introduced in v5.0) The traffic threshold at which a Region is identified as a hotspot. The unit is byte and the default value is 30 MiB per second when `region-split-size` is less than 4 GB; otherwise the default value is 100 MiB per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`split.byte-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#byte-threshold-new-in-v50): (Introduced in v5.0) The traffic threshold at which a Region is identified as a hotspot. The unit is byte. The default value is 30 MiB per second when `region-split-size` is less than 4 GB; otherwise the default value is 100 MiB per second.
```

> - [`split.qps-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#qps-threshold): The QPS threshold at which a Region is identified as a hotspot. The default value is `3000` per second when [`region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) is less than 4GB; otherwise the default value is `7000`.
> - [`split.byte-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#byte-threshold-new-in-v50): (Introduced in v5.0) The traffic threshold at which a Region is identified as a hotspot. The unit is byte and the default value is 30 MiB per second when `region-split-size` is less than 4GB; otherwise the default value is 100 MiB per second.
> - [`split.region-cpu-overload-threshold-ratio`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-cpu-overload-threshold-ratio-new-in-v620): (Introduced in v6.2.0) The CPU usage threshold (the percentage of CPU time of the read thread pool) at which a Region is identified as a hotspot. The default value is `0.25` when `region-split-size` is less than 4GB; otherwise the default value is `0.75`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`split.qps-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#qps-threshold): The QPS threshold at which a Region is identified as a hotspot. The default value is `3000` per second when [`region-split-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-split-size) is less than 4 GB; otherwise the default value is `7000`.
- [`split.byte-threshold`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#byte-threshold-new-in-v50): (Introduced in v5.0) The traffic threshold at which a Region is identified as a hotspot. The unit is byte and the default value is 30 MiB per second when `region-split-size` is less than 4 GB; otherwise the default value is 100 MiB per second.
- [`split.region-cpu-overload-threshold-ratio`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#region-cpu-overload-threshold-ratio-new-in-v620): (Introduced in v6.2.0) The CPU usage threshold (the percentage of CPU time of the read thread pool) at which a Region is identified as a hotspot. The default value is `0.25` when `region-split-size` is less than 4 GB; otherwise the default value is `0.75`.
```
